# DTS---Learning-How-to-Learn

These are the notes for myself taken from the class ["Learning How to Learn"](https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn) from Deep Teaching Solutions, from [Dr Barbra Oakley](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbara_Oakley)and [Dr Terrence Sejnowski](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Sejnowski) I have switched from using One Note for any of my note taking to Juypyter notebooks, hosted on Google Colab, mainly because I realized it was a better format for taking technical notes because I could use code block examples and automatically run turning the notes into a better form of active rather than passive learning. I've also found that it is much easier doing the formatting I want using Markdown than the autoformating that Microsoft Office poducts use, which continues to be a mystery to me. Because this class was not techincal in nature from a coding standpoint, there is no code. After this first test run, I still feel that Juypyter is the way to go for note taking in the future.

My thoughts for that class is that it was incredibly helpful, and is a good "Metadata" for the process of learning. I wish I had taken this class before the other classes I've taken, because I could have learned in a much more efficient way. At the same time, I've definitely noticed that some of the "tricks" I've picked up over the years to help me learn were what were suggested by the teachers, and it was good to understand the neurological reasons that they did work, which should help their effectiveness even more.

In these notes, I tried to drawn from my own personal and professional experiences to relate to the subject. In particular I tried to find analogies in the terms of computing. For example, storing memories in the brain have both a Working Memory and Long Term Memory Component which obviously can obviously draw parallel to Persistent versus Random Access Memory. Of course, these analogies are not perfect: they work as placeholders and shorthand with what you are already familiar with until you gain a more nuanced understanding of the subject matter, to be eventually either updated or discarded with a better one.

The notes are broken down as follows:

1. Expectations: These are expectations or goals I tried to set for myself in the beginning of the class, to keep in mind what I wanted to get out of them.
2. Insights: These were my "aha" moments in trying to relate this class with something that could be useful in my life, a fundamentally different way of thinking about either the subject matter or how the subject matter could relate to other or deepen other understandings I have.
3. Methodologies: These are the actual notes of the class, broken up main by the weeks of material. I used to separate Methologies from Technical into separate sections, as Theory and Practice, with actual code in the Technical section, but with Juypyter, it is useful to have it all in one place.

I have made some personal anotations for myself through the comments feature of Google Colab, which I do not believe will transfer through into github. I hope to use this as a study guide, and I've encouraged friends and family members to also take the class, and hopefully form study groups so we can all work together to better understand the subject and incorporate it into our lives.
